Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it.|Helen Keller
You are not responsible for being down, but you are responsible for getting up.|Jesse Jackson
No feeling is final.|Ranier Maria Rilke
Not to laugh, not to lament, not to judge, but to understand.|Baruch Spinoza
And the trouble is, if you don’t risk anything, you risk even more.|Erica Jong
Don’t compromise yourself. You are all you you’ve got.|Janis Joplin
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.|Buddha
What are the words you do not yet have? What do you need to say?... There are so many silences to be broken.|Audre Lorde
…be attentive to what is arising within you, and place that above everything else…What is happening in your innermost self is worthy of your entire love; somehow you must find a way to work at it.|Ranier Maria Rilke
Never, never, never, never, never give up.|Winston Churchill
Watch your thoughts; they become your words. Watch your words; they become your actions. Watch your actions; they become your habits. Watch your habits; they become your character. Watch your character; it becomes your destiny.|Frank Outlaw
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.|Theodore Roosevelt
Let your heart guide you. It whispers, so listen closely.|Molly Goode
Life is never what one dreams. It is seldom what one desires, but for the vital spirit and the eager mind, the future will always hold the search for buried treasure and the possibility of high adventure.|Ellen Glasgow
It takes two to speak the truth—one to speak, the other to hear.|Henry David Thoreau
When you do a thing, do it with all your might. Put your whole soul into it. Stamp it with your personality. Be active, be energetic, be enthusiastic and faithful, and you will accomplish your object.|Ralph Waldo Emerson
The future depends on what we do in the present.|Mohandas K. Gandhi
If we change within, our outer life will change also.|Jean Shinoda Bolen
Perhaps the truth depends on a walk around the lake.|Wallace Stevens
A loving heart is the truest wisdom.|Charles Dickens
Each of us is two selves, and the great challenge of life is to try to keep that higher self in command.|Martin Luther King Jr.
In the time of your life, live.|William Saroyan
Life is not what it’s supposed to be. It’s what it is. The way you cope with it is what makes the difference.|Virginia Satir
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination.|Tommy Lasorda
Remember there's no such thing as a small act of kindness. Every act creates a ripple with no logical end.|Scott Adams
The fact is, that to do anything in the world worth doing, we must not stand back shivering and thinking of the cold and danger, but jump in and scramble through as well as we can.|Robert Cushing
Follow your honest convictions, and stay strong.|William Thackeray
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.|Aristotle
Your real influence is measured by your treatment of yourself.|A. Bronson Alcott
Energy and persistence conquer all things.|Benjamin Franklin
Fear less, hope more, eat less, chew more, whine less, breathe more, talk less, say more, hate less, love more, and good things will be yours.|Swedish Proverb
I have learned that the greater part of our misery or unhappiness is determined not by our circumstance but by our disposition.|Martha Washington
A man is rich in proportion to the number of things he can afford to let alone.|Henry David Thoreau
None are so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm.|Henry David Thoreau
Do not worry if you have built your castles in the air. They are where they should be. Now put the foundations under them.|Henry David Thoreau
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.|Ralph Waldo Emerson
We judge of man’s wisdom by his hope.|Ralph Waldo Emerson
We are all inventors, each sailing out on a voyage of discovery, guided each by a private chart, of which there is no duplicate. The world is all gates, all opportunities.|Ralph Waldo Emerson
What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.|Ralph Waldo Emerson
People seem not to see that their opinion of the world is also a confession of character.|Ralph Waldo Emerson
We are all inventors, each sailing out on a voyage of discovery, guided each by a private chart, of which there is no duplicate. The world is all gates, all opportunities.|Ralph Waldo Emerson
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.|Albert Einstein
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.|Albert Einstein
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing others; it is the only means.|Albert Einstein
I think and think for months and years. Ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right.|Albert Einstein
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value.|Albert Einstein
Out of clutter, find simplicity. From discord, find harmony. In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.|Albert Einstein
Few are those who see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts.|Albert Einstein
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.|Mark Twain
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don’t mind, it doesn’t matter.|Mark Twain
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it’s time to pause and reflect.|Mark Twain
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.|Mark Twain
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.|Mark Twain
The best way out is always through.|Robert Frost
In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: It goes on.|Robert Frost
The reason why worry kills more people than work is that more people worry than work.|Robert Frost
You must be the change you want to see in the world.|Mohandas K. Gandhi
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will|Mohandas K. Gandhi
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.|Mohandas K. Gandhi
Satisfaction does not come with achievement, but with effort. Full effort is full victory.|Mohandas K. Gandhi
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.|Mohandas K. Gandhi
Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.|Winston Churchill
If you’re going through hell, keep going.|Winston Churchill
Hope is a waking dream.|Aristotle
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.|Aristotle
I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.|Michael Jordan
Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right.|Henry Ford
I know for sure that what we dwell on is who we become.|Oprah Winfrey
He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.|Friedrich Nietzsche
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.|Truman Capote
You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you stop to look fear in the face.|Eleanor Roosevelt
I can’t understand why people are frightened by new ideas. I’m frightened by old ones.|John Cage
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.|Richard Bach
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.|John Wooden
Where the willingness is great, the difficulties cannot be great.|Machiavelli
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.|Leo Tolstoy
Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, small minds discuss people.|Eleanor Roosevelt
The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed.|Richard Sheridan
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience.|Elbert Hubbard
When I hear somebody sigh, ‘Life is hard,’ I am always tempted to ask, ‘Compared to what?'|Sydney Harris
The only people who find what they are looking for in life are the fault finders.|Foster's Law
We see things not as they are, but as we are.|H.M. Tomlinson
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.|Euripides
There is only one success–to be able to spend your life in your own way.|Christopher Morleys
The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.|Chinese Proverb
The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.|Ralph Waldo Emerson
Do first things first, and second things not at all.|Peter Drucker
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.|Anatole France
If the going is real easy, beware, you may be headed down hill.|Anonymous
In between goals is a thing called life, that has to be lived and enjoyed.|Sid Caesar
Remember that happiness is a way of travel, not a destination.|Roy Goodman
A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes.|Hugh Downs
Losers visualize the penalties of failure. Winners visualize the rewards of success.|Anonymous
If you keep saying things are going to be bad, you have a chance of being a prophet.|Isaac Singer
Keep on going and the chances are you will stumble on something, perhaps when you are least expecting it. I have never heard of anyone stumbling on something sitting down.|Charles Kettering
